docs: How to make a contract with a multiple attribute (#2909)
bonitasoft/bonita-doc: modules/applications/pages/ui-builder/how-to-contract-with-multiple-attribute.adoc

= How to make a contract with a `multiple` attribute
:description: Learn how to make a contract with a multiple attribute.

{description}

* Difficulty: intermediate
* Estimated time: 20 minutes

With Bonita, you can create a contract with a `multiple` attribute.
For example, a provider may have multiple contacts.

> Creating a UI to start a Process Instance, you will need a UI interface that allows the user to create a new Provider and add multiple Contacts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To start a Process Instance, the UI should allow users to create a new Provider and add multiple Contacts.
```

In this guide, we will focus on how to create a list of contacts, and store them in a JSON object.
This will be used to fill the `contacts` attribute in the contract.

== Create a JS Object to manage the list of contacts

> Go to the `JS` tab and create a new JS Object called `contactsHandler` and copy and paste the following code:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Go to the `JS` tab and create a new JS Object called `ContactsHandler` and copy and paste the following code:
```

        ]
	},
	getTitleTypes() {
		return [
			{label: "Mrs", value: "Mrs"},
			{label: "Mr", value: "Mr"}
		]
	}
}
----

This simple code allows to create, update and delete contacts.

Now, from the `Settings` tab, enable `Run on page load` for the `getAll`, `getContactTypes` and `getTitleTypes` functions.

== Create a UI to manage the list of contacts

* Drop a Table widget on the page
* Set the `Table data` property as `JS` and as `{{ContactsHandler.getAll.data}}`
* For the Columns, check the `Editable` property, and uncheck the `id` column, since it is automatically generated

== Enable adding a row

* In the `Adding a row` section:
    ** enable the `Allow adding a row` property
    ** Set the `onSave` property to `Execute a JS function` -> `ContactsHandler.add(data)` with `{{Table1.newRow}}` parameter:

image:ui-builder/guides/adding-a-row-on-save.png[adding-a-row-on-save, 500]

* From the `Columns` section, click on the `Save / Discard` spin wheel icon to edit the column properties
* Set the `onSave` property as `JS` and as `{{ContactsHandler.update(Table1.updatedRow)}}` :

image:ui-builder/guides/table-save-discard-column.png[table-save-discard-column, 300]

> * Set the `Title` column as `Select` and set the `Options` property as `{{ContactsHandler.getTitleTypes.data}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Set the `Title` column type as `Select` and set the `Options` property as `{{ContactsHandler.getTitleTypes.data}}`
```

> * Set the `ContactType` column as `Select` and set the `Options` property as `{{ContactsHandler.getContactTypes.data}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Set the `ContactType` column type as `Select` and set the `Options` property as `{{ContactsHandler.getContactTypes.data}}`
```

=== Add a button to delete a row

* Add a `delete` column to the table
* Edit the column properties:

>     ** Set the `Column type` as `delete` icon

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ** Set the `Column type` as `icon button`
```
